Presentation: Support class-based property categories under custom ones (#5678)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/content/PropertyCategorization.md

!['Related properties nesting customized with root category identifier'](./media/property-grid-example-related-properties-nesting-customized-with-root-category.png)

> ### Creating class categories under custom ones

Author: fixed

> The `Id` category identifier has an attribute `createClassCategory`. The attribute specifies whether the class category should be created under a custom category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IdCategoryIdentifier]($presentation-common) has an attribute `createClassCategory` which specifies whether an additional class category should be created under a category pointed to by [IdCategoryIdentifier.categoryId]($presentation-common).
```

Author: fixed
